=pod

README for package gfsm

Last updated for gfsm v0.0.7

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The gfsm package consists of libgfsm, an abstract C library
of tools for manipulation of finite state machines, and the
gfsm utilities, a suite of command-line tools built on libgfsm.
gfsm currently supports AT&T style weighted transducer
text input and label definition files, as well as a number
of common algebraic operations on finite state machines.

=head1 REQUIREMENTS

=over 4

=item glib-2.0

Available from:
http://www.gtk.org/

C library for common data structures.
Tested versions 2.4.6, 2.8.3.

=item pkg-config

Available from:
http://www.freedesktop.org/software/pkgconfig/

To build from cvs, you will also need the pkg-config
autoconf macros which come with the source distribution
of pkg-config.

=item doxygen (Optional)

Required for building library documentation.
Available from:
http://www.doxygen.org

Tested versions 1.2.15, 1.4.4.

=item Perl (Optional)

Get it from http://www.cpan.org or http://www.perl.com
Required for building command-line parsers, utility
documentation, library documentation, etc.

=item Getopt::Gen

A Perl module used to generate command-line option parsers.
Should be available from the author of this package at:

http://www.ling.uni-potsdam.de/~moocow/projects/perl

Tested version 0.09.

=item pod2man, pod2text, pod2html (Optional)

The Perl documentation converstion utilities, required
for building the correspdonding program documentation
formats, should have come with your Perl.

=back



=head1 INSTALLATION

Issue the following commands to the shell:

 cd gfsm-X.Y.Z  (or wherever you extracted the distribution)
 sh ./configure
 make
 make install

=head1 BUILD OPTIONS

The 'configure' script supports the following options, among others:

=over 4

=item --enable-debug , --disable-debug

Whether to enable verbose debugging messages.
Default=no.

=back

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Ideas and code adapted from the SFST package by Helmut Schmid.

Many thanks to Thomas Hanneforth for useful advice.


=head1 KNOWN BUGS

Many.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow@ling.uni-potsdam.deE<gt>
