


=pod

=head1 NAME

gfsmencode - Encode weights and/or label-pairs of (weighted) finite state machines



=head1 SYNOPSIS

gfsmencode [OPTIONS] BINFILE KEYFILE

 Arguments:
    BINFILE  Stored binary gfsm file to be encoded
    KEYFILE  Binary gfsm representing encoding key

 Options
    -h       --help            Print help and exit.
    -V       --version         Print version and exit.
    -d       --decode          Decode an encoded automaton (default: encode)
    -c       --costs           Encode/decode costs (weights); encodes as unweighted automaton.
    -l       --labels          Encode/decode labels (pairs); encodes as acceptor.
    -r       --reuse-key       Re-use existing KEYFILE in encoding mode.
    -u       --update-key      Update an existing KEYFILE in encoding mode.
    -zLEVEL  --compress=LEVEL  Specify compression level of output file.
    -FFILE   --output=FILE     Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Encode weights and/or label-pairs of (weighted) finite state machines



=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item C<BINFILE>

Stored binary gfsm file to be encoded


If unspecified, standard input will be read


=item C<KEYFILE>

Binary gfsm representing encoding key


If unspecified, standard input will be read in decoding mode and standard output will be written to in encoding mode.


=back



=cut



###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--decode> , C<-d>

Decode an encoded automaton (default: encode)

Default: '0'


If unspecified, argument automaton will be encoded.





=item C<--costs> , C<-c>

Encode/decode costs (weights); encodes as unweighted automaton.

Default: '0'






=item C<--labels> , C<-l>

Encode/decode labels (pairs); encodes as acceptor.

Default: '0'






=item C<--reuse-key> , C<-r>

Re-use existing KEYFILE in encoding mode.

Default: '0'


Normally, an existing KEYFSM will be ignored and overwritten in encoding mode.
Specifying this option causes an existing KEYFSM file to be loaded and used for encoding,
but not overwritten by default (unless --update-key (-u) is specified as well).





=item C<--update-key> , C<-u>

Update an existing KEYFILE in encoding mode.

Default: '0'


Causes an existing KEYFILE to be updated in encoding mode.  Implies --reuse-key (-r).





=item C<--compress=LEVEL> , C<-zLEVEL>

Specify compression level of output file.

Default: '-1'


Specify zlib compression level of output file. -1 (default) indicates
the default compression level, 0 (zero) indicates no zlib compression at all,
and 9 indicates the best possible compression.





=item C<--output=FILE> , C<-FFILE>

Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

Default: '-'




=back




=cut



###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.15
using Getopt::Gen version 0.15.
Translation was initiated
as:

   optgen.perl -l --no-handle-rcfile --nocfile --nohfile --notimestamp -F gfsmencode gfsmencode.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



=over 4

=item

Not be 100% compatibile with AT&T C<fsmencode>, particularly regarding handling of encoded final weights.
C<gfsmencode>'s final-weight encoding is intended to be more robust than the AT&T variant.

=back



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow.bovine@gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<gfsmutils>


=cut


