


=pod

=head1 NAME

gfsmapply - Apply a transducer to a list of input strings



=head1 SYNOPSIS

gfsmapply [OPTIONS] INPUT...

 Arguments:
    INPUT...  Input files or strings (with -w)

 Options
    -h         --help            Print help and exit.
    -V         --version         Print version and exit.
    -w         --words           INPUT(s) are words to lookup, not filenames.
    -iLABELS   --ilabels=LABELS  Specify input (lower) labels file.
    -oLABELS   --olabels=LABELS  Specify output (upper) labels file.
    -lLABELS   --labels=LABELS   Set -i and -o labels simultaneously.
    -a         --att-mode        Parse/format string(s) in AT&T-compatible mode.
    -u         --utf8            Assume UTF-8 encoded alphabet(s) and input(s).
    -q         --quiet           Suppress warnings about undefined symbols.
    -fFSTFILE  --fst=FSTFILE     Transducer to apply (default=stdin).
    -QN        --maxq=N          Maximum number of result states to generate (default=0:system limit)
    -A         --align           Output aligned arc paths.
    -zLEVEL    --compress=LEVEL  Specify compression level of output file.
    -FFILE     --output=FILE     Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Apply a transducer to a list of input strings



=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item C<INPUT...>

Input files or strings (with -w)


Input strings are parsed using gfsm_alphabet_generic_string_to_labels().


=back



=cut



###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--words> , C<-w>

INPUT(s) are words to lookup, not filenames.

Default: '0'




=item C<--ilabels=LABELS> , C<-iLABELS>

Specify input (lower) labels file.

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--olabels=LABELS> , C<-oLABELS>

Specify output (upper) labels file.

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--labels=LABELS> , C<-lLABELS>

Set -i and -o labels simultaneously.

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--att-mode> , C<-a>

Parse/format string(s) in AT&T-compatible mode.

Default: '0'




=item C<--utf8> , C<-u>

Assume UTF-8 encoded alphabet(s) and input(s).

Default: '0'




=item C<--quiet> , C<-q>

Suppress warnings about undefined symbols.

Default: '0'




=item C<--fst=FSTFILE> , C<-fFSTFILE>

Transducer to apply (default=stdin).

Default: '-'




=item C<--maxq=N> , C<-QN>

Maximum number of result states to generate (default=0:system limit)

Default: '0'


Default or 0 maps to 32-bit unsigned int limit, 4294967296.





=item C<--align> , C<-A>

Output aligned arc paths.

Default: '0'




=item C<--compress=LEVEL> , C<-zLEVEL>

Specify compression level of output file.

Default: '-1'


Specify zlib compression level of output file. -1 (default) indicates
the default compression level, 0 (zero) indicates no zlib compression at all,
and 9 indicates the best possible compression.





=item C<--output=FILE> , C<-FFILE>

Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

Default: '-'




=back




=cut



###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.15
using Getopt::Gen version 0.15.
Translation was initiated
as:

   optgen.perl -l --no-handle-rcfile --nocfile --nohfile --notimestamp -F gfsmapply gfsmapply.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



None known.



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow.bovine@gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<gfsmutils>


=cut


