
=pod

=head1 NAME

gfsmproject - Project one side of finite state machines



=head1 SYNOPSIS

gfsmproject [OPTIONS] BINFILE

 Arguments:
    BINFILE  Stored binary gfsm file

 Options
    -h       --help            Print help and exit.
    -V       --version         Print version and exit.
    -cFILE   --rcfile=FILE     Read an alternate configuration file.
    -1       --first           Project lower side [default].
    -i                         Project input tape (alias for -1)
    -2       --second          Project upper side.
    -o                         Project output side (alias for -2)
    -zLEVEL  --compress=LEVEL  Specify compression level of output file.
    -FFILE   --output=FILE     Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Project one side of finite state machines



=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item C<BINFILE>

Stored binary gfsm file


If unspecified, standard input will be read


=back



=cut


###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--rcfile=FILE> , C<-cFILE>

Read an alternate configuration file.

Default: 'NULL'

See also: L<CONFIGURATION FILES>.




=item C<--first> , C<-1>

Project lower side [default].

Default: '0'




=item C<-i>

Project input tape (alias for -1)

Default: '0'




=item C<--second> , C<-2>

Project upper side.

Default: '0'




=item C<-o>

Project output side (alias for -2)

Default: '0'




=item C<--compress=LEVEL> , C<-zLEVEL>

Specify compression level of output file.

Default: '-1'


Specify zlib compression level of output file. -1 (default) indicates
the default compression level, 0 (zero) indicates no zlib compression at all,
and 9 indicates the best possible compression.





=item C<--output=FILE> , C<-FFILE>

Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

Default: '-'




=back




=cut

###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 CONFIGURATION FILES

Configuration files are expected to contain lines of the form:

    LONG_OPTION_NAME    OPTION_VALUE

where LONG_OPTION_NAME is the long name of some option,
without the leading '--', and OPTION_VALUE is the value for
that option, if any.  Fields are whitespace-separated.
Blank lines and comments (lines beginning with '#')
are ignored.

No configuration files are read by default.

=cut



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.04.
Translation was initiated on
Fri Oct 26 14:48:33 CEST 2007
as:

   /usr/local/bin/optgen.perl -l --nocfile --nohfile -F gfsmproject gfsmproject.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



None known.



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow@ling.uni-potsdam.deE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<gfsmutils>


=cut



