


=pod

=head1 NAME

gfsmconvert - Convert binary format gfsm files



=head1 SYNOPSIS

gfsmconvert [OPTIONS] FSMFILE

 Arguments:
    FSMFILE  Stored binary gfsm file

 Options
    -h        --help             Print help and exit.
    -V        --version          Print version and exit.
    -tBOOL    --transducer=BOOL  Specify whether automaton is a transducer
    -wBOOL    --weighted=BOOL    Specify whether automaton is weighted
    -sSRTYPE  --semiring=SRTYPE  Specify semiring type.
    -zLEVEL   --compress=LEVEL   Specify compression level of output file.
    -FFILE    --output=FILE      Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Convert binary format gfsm files



=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item C<FSMFILE>

Stored binary gfsm file


If unspecified, standard input will be read


=back



=cut



###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--transducer=BOOL> , C<-tBOOL>

Specify whether automaton is a transducer

Default: '0'




=item C<--weighted=BOOL> , C<-wBOOL>

Specify whether automaton is weighted

Default: '0'




=item C<--semiring=SRTYPE> , C<-sSRTYPE>

Specify semiring type.

Default: 'NULL'


Specify one of the following:

 boolean
 log
 real
 trivial
 tropical
 arctic
 fuzzy
 prob






=item C<--compress=LEVEL> , C<-zLEVEL>

Specify compression level of output file.

Default: '-1'


Specify zlib compression level of output file. -1 (default) indicates
the default compression level, 0 (zero) indicates no zlib compression at all,
and 9 indicates the best possible compression.





=item C<--output=FILE> , C<-FFILE>

Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

Default: '-'




=back




=cut



###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.07
using Getopt::Gen version 0.14.
Translation was initiated
as:

   optgen.perl -l --no-handle-rcfile --nocfile --nohfile --notimestamp -F gfsmconvert gfsmconvert.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



None known.



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow.bovine@gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<gfsmutils>


=cut


