


=pod

=head1 NAME

gfsmcompact - Heuristically compact finite state machines



=head1 SYNOPSIS

gfsmcompact [OPTIONS] BINFILE

 Arguments:
    BINFILE  Stored binary gfsm file

 Options
    -h       --help            Print help and exit.
    -V       --version         Print version and exit.
    -D       --deterministic   Assume input automaton is deterministic.
    -E       --epsilon         Skip epsilon removal.
    -zLEVEL  --compress=LEVEL  Specify compression level of output file.
    -FFILE   --output=FILE     Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Heuristically compact finite state machines



=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item C<BINFILE>

Stored binary gfsm file


If unspecified, standard input will be read


=back



=cut



###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--deterministic> , C<-D>

Assume input automaton is deterministic.

Default: '0'


If specified, input will be assumed deterministic.
Otherwise, the value of the 'is_deterministic' header flag is used.





=item C<--epsilon> , C<-E>

Skip epsilon removal.

Default: '0'


If specified, epsilons will be treated like other symbols at all stages.
Otherwise, epsilons will be removed (repeatedly).





=item C<--compress=LEVEL> , C<-zLEVEL>

Specify compression level of output file.

Default: '-1'


Specify zlib compression level of output file. -1 (default) indicates
the default compression level, 0 (zero) indicates no zlib compression at all,
and 9 indicates the best possible compression.





=item C<--output=FILE> , C<-FFILE>

Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

Default: '-'




=back




=cut



###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.15
using Getopt::Gen version 0.15.
Translation was initiated
as:

   optgen.perl -l --no-handle-rcfile --nocfile --nohfile --notimestamp -F gfsmcompact gfsmcompact.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



Probably many.



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow.bovine@gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<gfsmencode>,
L<gfsmminimize>,
L<gfsmutils>


=cut


