


=pod

=head1 NAME

gfsmprint - Convert binary format gfsm files to text



=head1 SYNOPSIS

gfsmprint [OPTIONS] BINFILE TXTFILE

 Arguments:
    BINFILE  Stored binary gfsm file
    TXTFILE  Output text file

 Options
    -h        --help            Print help and exit.
    -V        --version         Print version and exit.
    -iLABELS  --ilabels=LABELS  Specify input (lower) labels file.
    -oLABELS  --olabels=LABELS  Specify output (upper) labels file.
    -lLABELS  --labels=LABELS   Set -i and -o labels simultaneously.
    -sLABELS  --slabels=LABELS  Specify state labels file.
    -zLEVEL   --compress=LEVEL  Specify compression level of output file.

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Convert binary format gfsm files to text



=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item C<BINFILE>

Stored binary gfsm file


If unspecified, standard input will be read


=item C<TXTFILE>

Output text file


If unspecified, output will be written to standard output.


=back



=cut



###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--ilabels=LABELS> , C<-iLABELS>

Specify input (lower) labels file.

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--olabels=LABELS> , C<-oLABELS>

Specify output (upper) labels file.

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--labels=LABELS> , C<-lLABELS>

Set -i and -o labels simultaneously.

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--slabels=LABELS> , C<-sLABELS>

Specify state labels file.

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--compress=LEVEL> , C<-zLEVEL>

Specify compression level of output file.

Default: '0'


Specify zlib compression level of output file. -1 indicates
the library default compression level, 0 (default) indicates no zlib compression at all,
and 9 indicates the best possible compression.





=back




=cut



###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.15
using Getopt::Gen version 0.15.
Translation was initiated
as:

   optgen.perl -l --no-handle-rcfile --nocfile --nohfile --notimestamp -F gfsmprint gfsmprint.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



None known.



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow.bovine@gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<gfsmutils>


=cut


