
=pod

=head1 NAME

gfsmstrings - Serialize binary acyclic gfsm files to lists of strings



=head1 SYNOPSIS

gfsmstrings [OPTIONS] BINFILE

 Arguments:
    BINFILE  Stored binary gfsm file

 Options
    -h         --help            Print help and exit.
    -V         --version         Print version and exit.
    -cFILE     --rcfile=FILE     Read an alternate configuration file.

 Common Options
    -iLABELS   --ilabels=LABELS  Specify input (lower) labels file.
    -oLABELS   --olabels=LABELS  Specify output (upper) labels file.
    -a         --att             Output in AT&T regex format.
    -v         --viterbi         Treat input automaton as a Viterbi trellis.
    -FTXTFILE  --output=TXTFILE  Output file.

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Serialize binary acyclic gfsm files to lists of strings



=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item C<BINFILE>

Stored binary gfsm file


If unspecified, standard input will be read.


=back



=cut


###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--rcfile=FILE> , C<-cFILE>

Read an alternate configuration file.

Default: 'NULL'

See also: L<CONFIGURATION FILES>.




=back

=cut

#--------------------------------------------------------------
# Option-Group Common Options
#--------------------------------------------------------------
=pod

=head2 Common Options

=over 4

=item C<--ilabels=LABELS> , C<-iLABELS>

Specify input (lower) labels file.

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--olabels=LABELS> , C<-oLABELS>

Specify output (upper) labels file.

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--att> , C<-a>

Output in AT&T regex format.

Default: '0'




=item C<--viterbi> , C<-v>

Treat input automaton as a Viterbi trellis.

Default: '0'




=item C<--output=TXTFILE> , C<-FTXTFILE>

Output file.

Default: 'NULL'


Default behavior is to write to stdout.





=back




=cut

###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 CONFIGURATION FILES

Configuration files are expected to contain lines of the form:

    LONG_OPTION_NAME    OPTION_VALUE

where LONG_OPTION_NAME is the long name of some option,
without the leading '--', and OPTION_VALUE is the value for
that option, if any.  Fields are whitespace-separated.
Blank lines and comments (lines beginning with '#')
are ignored.

No configuration files are read by default.

=cut



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.04.
Translation was initiated on
Fri Oct 26 14:48:34 CEST 2007
as:

   /usr/local/bin/optgen.perl -l --nocfile --nohfile -F gfsmstrings gfsmstrings.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



None known.



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow@ling.uni-potsdam.deE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<gfsmutils>,


=cut



