


=pod

=head1 NAME

gfsmarcuniq - Collect weights on otherwise indistinguishable arcs of a gfsm automaton



=head1 SYNOPSIS

gfsmarcuniq [OPTIONS] BINFILE

 Arguments:
    BINFILE  Stored binary gfsm file

 Options
    -h       --help            Print help and exit.
    -V       --version         Print version and exit.
    -zLEVEL  --compress=LEVEL  Specify compression level of output file.
    -FFILE   --output=FILE     Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Collect weights on otherwise indistinguishable arcs of a gfsm automaton


This operation is most effective if the argument automaton has already been arc-sorted,
e.g. by C<gfsmarcsort --lower>.  Note that you can sort and collect adjacent arcs
without re-reading the automaton using the C<--unique> flag to L<gfsmarcsort(1)|gfsmarcsort>.


=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item C<BINFILE>

Stored binary gfsm file


If unspecified, standard input will be read.


=back



=cut



###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--compress=LEVEL> , C<-zLEVEL>

Specify compression level of output file.

Default: '-1'


Specify zlib compression level of output file. -1 (default) indicates
the default compression level, 0 (zero) indicates no zlib compression at all,
and 9 indicates the best possible compression.





=item C<--output=FILE> , C<-FFILE>

Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

Default: '-'




=back




=cut



###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.07
using Getopt::Gen version 0.14.
Translation was initiated
as:

   optgen.perl -l --no-handle-rcfile --nocfile --nohfile --notimestamp -F gfsmarcuniq gfsmarcuniq.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



Probably many.



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow.bovine@gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<gfsmutils>


=cut


