


=pod

=head1 NAME

gfsmviterbi - EXPERIMENTAL: Compute Viterbi trellis for a linear label sequence in a transducer



=head1 SYNOPSIS

gfsmviterbi [OPTIONS] LABELID...

 Arguments:
    LABELID...  Input label IDs

 Options
    -h         --help            Print help and exit.
    -V         --version         Print version and exit.
    -fFSTFILE  --fst=FSTFILE     Weighted transducer to apply (default=stdin).
    -zLEVEL    --compress=LEVEL  Specify compression level of output file.
    -FFILE     --output=FILE     Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

EXPERIMENTAL: Compute Viterbi trellis for a linear label sequence in a transducer



=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item C<LABELID...>

Input label IDs


In ASCII decimal notation.


=back



=cut



###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--fst=FSTFILE> , C<-fFSTFILE>

Weighted transducer to apply (default=stdin).

Default: '-'


If unspecified, standard input will be read.





=item C<--compress=LEVEL> , C<-zLEVEL>

Specify compression level of output file.

Default: '-1'


Specify zlib compression level of output file. -1 (default) indicates
the default compression level, 0 (zero) indicates no zlib compression at all,
and 9 indicates the best possible compression.





=item C<--output=FILE> , C<-FFILE>

Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

Default: '-'




=back




=cut



###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################

=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.15
using Getopt::Gen version 0.15.
Translation was initiated
as:

   optgen.perl -l --no-handle-rcfile --nocfile --nohfile --notimestamp -F gfsmviterbi gfsmviterbi.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



=over 4

=item

No negative-cost epsilon cycles are allowed in the transducer.

=item

The Viterbi API, the existence of the gfsmviterbi command-line program,
its arguments & optiosn, etc. are HIGHLY UNSTABLE.

=back



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow.bovine@gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<gfsmutils>


=cut


