
=pod

=head1 NAME

gfsmcompre - Compile an automaton from a regular expression



=head1 SYNOPSIS

gfsmcompre [OPTIONS]


 Options
    -h         --help             Print help and exit.
    -V         --version          Print version and exit.
    -cFILE     --rcfile=FILE      Read an alternate configuration file.
    -lLABFILE  --labels=LABFILE   Basic label alphabet
    -sREGEX    --regex=REGEX      Regular expression to compile
    -x         --string           Compile as string, not regex
    -rSRTYPE   --semiring=SRTYPE  Specify semiring type
    -zLEVEL    --compress=LEVEL   Specify compression level of output file.
    -FFILE     --output=FILE      Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Compile an automaton from a regular expression



=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################
=pod

0

=cut


###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--rcfile=FILE> , C<-cFILE>

Read an alternate configuration file.

Default: 'NULL'

See also: L<CONFIGURATION FILES>.




=item C<--labels=LABFILE> , C<-lLABFILE>

Basic label alphabet

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--regex=REGEX> , C<-sREGEX>

Regular expression to compile

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--string> , C<-x>

Compile as string, not regex

Default: '0'




=item C<--semiring=SRTYPE> , C<-rSRTYPE>

Specify semiring type

Default: 'tropical'


Specify one of the following:

 boolean
 log
 plog
 real
 trivial
 tropical
 arctic
 fuzzy
 prob






=item C<--compress=LEVEL> , C<-zLEVEL>

Specify compression level of output file.

Default: '-1'


Specify zlib compression level of output file. -1 (default) indicates
the default compression level, 0 (zero) indicates no zlib compression at all,
and 9 indicates the best possible compression.





=item C<--output=FILE> , C<-FFILE>

Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

Default: '-'




=back




=cut

###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 CONFIGURATION FILES

Configuration files are expected to contain lines of the form:

    LONG_OPTION_NAME    OPTION_VALUE

where LONG_OPTION_NAME is the long name of some option,
without the leading '--', and OPTION_VALUE is the value for
that option, if any.  Fields are whitespace-separated.
Blank lines and comments (lines beginning with '#')
are ignored.

No configuration files are read by default.

=cut



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.06
using Getopt::Gen version 0.13.
Translation was initiated
as:

   optgen.perl -l --nocfile --nohfile --notimestamp -F gfsmcompre gfsmcompre.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



None known.



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow@ling.uni-potsdam.deE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<gfsmutils>


=cut


