
=pod

=head1 NAME

gfsmdraw - Generate graph specifications from binary gfsm files



=head1 SYNOPSIS

gfsmdraw [OPTIONS] BINFILE

 Arguments:
    BINFILE  Stored binary gfsm file

 Options
    -h         --help               Print help and exit.
    -V         --version            Print version and exit.
    -cFILE     --rcfile=FILE        Read an alternate configuration file.

 Common Options
    -iLABELS   --ilabels=LABELS     Specify input (lower) labels file.
    -oLABELS   --olabels=LABELS     Specify output (upper) labels file.
    -sLABELS   --slabels=LABELS     Specify state labels file.
    -tTITLE    --title=TITLE        Specify output title.
    -v         --vertical           Draw vertically.
    -FDOTFILE  --output=DOTFILE     Output graph specification.

 dot Options
    -d         --dot                Request dot output (default)
    -WFLOAT    --width=FLOAT        Specify output width (default=bbox).
    -HFLOAT    --height=FLOAT       Specify output height (default=bbox).
    -fPOINTS   --fontsize=POINTS    Set output font size.
               --font=FONT          Set output font name.
    -nFLOAT    --nodesep=FLOAT      Set min node separation.
    -rFLOAT    --ranksep=FLOAT      Set min rank separation.
    -p         --portrait           Generate in portrait mode.

 VCG Options
    -g         --vcg                Request VCG output.
    -xINT      --xspace=INT         Set xspace graph parameter.
    -yINT      --yspace=INT         Set yspace graph parameter.
               --state-shape=SHAPE  Set shape for state nodes.
               --state-color=COLOR  Set default state color.
               --final-color=COLOR  Set color for final states.

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Generate graph specifications from binary gfsm files


gfsmdraw reads a binary GFSM file file and produces a graph specification
in either dot(1) or vcg(1) format.


=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item C<BINFILE>

Stored binary gfsm file


If unspecified, standard input will be read


=back



=cut


###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--rcfile=FILE> , C<-cFILE>

Read an alternate configuration file.

Default: 'NULL'

See also: L<CONFIGURATION FILES>.




=back

=cut

#--------------------------------------------------------------
# Option-Group Common Options
#--------------------------------------------------------------
=pod

=head2 Common Options

=over 4

=item C<--ilabels=LABELS> , C<-iLABELS>

Specify input (lower) labels file.

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--olabels=LABELS> , C<-oLABELS>

Specify output (upper) labels file.

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--slabels=LABELS> , C<-sLABELS>

Specify state labels file.

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--title=TITLE> , C<-tTITLE>

Specify output title.

Default: 'NULL'

Default is input filename.




=item C<--vertical> , C<-v>

Draw vertically.

Default: '0'

Default mode is top-to-bottom




=item C<--output=DOTFILE> , C<-FDOTFILE>

Output graph specification.

Default: 'NULL'


Default behavior is to write to stdout.





=back

=cut

#--------------------------------------------------------------
# Option-Group dot Options
#--------------------------------------------------------------
=pod

=head2 dot Options

=over 4

=item C<--dot> , C<-d>

Request dot output (default)

Default: '0'




=item C<--width=FLOAT> , C<-WFLOAT>

Specify output width (default=bbox).

Default: '8.5'




=item C<--height=FLOAT> , C<-HFLOAT>

Specify output height (default=bbox).

Default: '11'




=item C<--fontsize=POINTS> , C<-fPOINTS>

Set output font size.

Default: '14'




=item C<--font=FONT>

Set output font name.

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--nodesep=FLOAT> , C<-nFLOAT>

Set min node separation.

Default: '0.25'




=item C<--ranksep=FLOAT> , C<-rFLOAT>

Set min rank separation.

Default: '0.40'




=item C<--portrait> , C<-p>

Generate in portrait mode.

Default: '0'

Default mode is landscape.




=back

=cut

#--------------------------------------------------------------
# Option-Group VCG Options
#--------------------------------------------------------------
=pod

=head2 VCG Options

=over 4

=item C<--vcg> , C<-g>

Request VCG output.

Default: '0'




=item C<--xspace=INT> , C<-xINT>

Set xspace graph parameter.

Default: '40'




=item C<--yspace=INT> , C<-yINT>

Set yspace graph parameter.

Default: '20'




=item C<--state-shape=SHAPE>

Set shape for state nodes.

Default: 'box'




=item C<--state-color=COLOR>

Set default state color.

Default: 'white'




=item C<--final-color=COLOR>

Set color for final states.

Default: 'lightgrey'




=back




=cut

###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 CONFIGURATION FILES

Configuration files are expected to contain lines of the form:

    LONG_OPTION_NAME    OPTION_VALUE

where LONG_OPTION_NAME is the long name of some option,
without the leading '--', and OPTION_VALUE is the value for
that option, if any.  Fields are whitespace-separated.
Blank lines and comments (lines beginning with '#')
are ignored.

No configuration files are read by default.

=cut



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.05.
Translation was initiated on
Tue Oct 16 12:08:17 CEST 2007
as:

   /usr/local/bin/optgen.perl -l --nocfile --nohfile -F gfsmdraw gfsmdraw.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



None known.



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow@ling.uni-potsdam.deE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<gfsmutils>,
dot(1),
vcg(1),
xvcg(1)


=cut



