
=pod

=head1 NAME

gfsmlabels - Map input text characters to gfsm labels



=head1 SYNOPSIS

gfsmlabels [OPTIONS] TXTFILE

 Arguments:
    TXTFILE  Input text file

 Options
    -h        --help           Print help and exit.
    -V        --version        Print version and exit.
    -cFILE    --rcfile=FILE    Read an alternate configuration file.
    -lLABELS  --labels=LABELS  Specify input alphabet (labels) file.
    -a        --att-mode       Parse string(s) in AT&T-compatible mode.
    -m        --map-mode       Output original strings in addition to label vectors.
    -q        --quiet          Suppress warnings about undefined symbols.
    -oFILE    --output=FILE    Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Map input text characters to gfsm labels



=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item C<TXTFILE>

Input text file


If unspecified, standard input will be read.


=back



=cut


###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--rcfile=FILE> , C<-cFILE>

Read an alternate configuration file.

Default: 'NULL'

See also: L<CONFIGURATION FILES>.




=item C<--labels=LABELS> , C<-lLABELS>

Specify input alphabet (labels) file.

Default: 'NULL'




=item C<--att-mode> , C<-a>

Parse string(s) in AT&T-compatible mode.

Default: '0'




=item C<--map-mode> , C<-m>

Output original strings in addition to label vectors.

Default: '0'




=item C<--quiet> , C<-q>

Suppress warnings about undefined symbols.

Default: '0'




=item C<--output=FILE> , C<-oFILE>

Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

Default: '-'




=back




=cut

###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 CONFIGURATION FILES

Configuration files are expected to contain lines of the form:

    LONG_OPTION_NAME    OPTION_VALUE

where LONG_OPTION_NAME is the long name of some option,
without the leading '--', and OPTION_VALUE is the value for
that option, if any.  Fields are whitespace-separated.
Blank lines and comments (lines beginning with '#')
are ignored.

No configuration files are read by default.

=cut



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.07
using Getopt::Gen version 0.13.
Translation was initiated
as:

   optgen.perl -l --nocfile --nohfile --notimestamp -F gfsmlabels gfsmlabels.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



None known.



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow.bovine@gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<gfsmutils>


=cut


