
=pod

=head1 NAME

gfsmreplace - Replace some automaton arcs with a whole automaton



=head1 SYNOPSIS

gfsmreplace [OPTIONS]


 Options
    -h         --help                 Print help and exit.
    -V         --version              Print version and exit.
    -cFILE     --rcfile=FILE          Read an alternate configuration file.
    -rFSMFILE  --replacement=FSMFILE  Replacement automaton (binary gfsm file)
    -lLABEL    --lower=LABEL          Lower label to replace (default=any)
    -uLABEL    --upper=LABEL          Upper label to replace (default=any)
    -zLEVEL    --compress=LEVEL       Specify compression level of output file.
    -FFILE     --output=FILE          Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Replace some automaton arcs with a whole automaton



=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################
=pod

0

=cut


###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--rcfile=FILE> , C<-cFILE>

Read an alternate configuration file.

Default: 'NULL'

See also: L<CONFIGURATION FILES>.




=item C<--replacement=FSMFILE> , C<-rFSMFILE>

Replacement automaton (binary gfsm file)

Default: '-'


If unspecified, standard input will be read.





=item C<--lower=LABEL> , C<-lLABEL>

Lower label to replace (default=any)

Default: '0'




=item C<--upper=LABEL> , C<-uLABEL>

Upper label to replace (default=any)

Default: '0'




=item C<--compress=LEVEL> , C<-zLEVEL>

Specify compression level of output file.

Default: '-1'


Specify zlib compression level of output file. -1 (default) indicates
the default compression level, 0 (zero) indicates no zlib compression at all,
and 9 indicates the best possible compression.





=item C<--output=FILE> , C<-FFILE>

Specifiy output file (default=stdout).

Default: '-'




=back




=cut

###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 CONFIGURATION FILES

Configuration files are expected to contain lines of the form:

    LONG_OPTION_NAME    OPTION_VALUE

where LONG_OPTION_NAME is the long name of some option,
without the leading '--', and OPTION_VALUE is the value for
that option, if any.  Fields are whitespace-separated.
Blank lines and comments (lines beginning with '#')
are ignored.

No configuration files are read by default.

=cut



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.06
using Getopt::Gen version 0.11.
Translation was initiated
as:

   optgen.perl -l --nocfile --nohfile --notimestamp -F gfsmreplace gfsmreplace.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



None known.



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow@ling.uni-potsdam.deE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<gfsmutils>


=cut



